fix: improve the documentation for cluster resources (#1805)
rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2: docs/resources/cluster.md

# rancher2\_cluster Resource

> Provides a Rancher v2 Cluster resource. This can be used to create imported Clusters for Rancher v2 environments and retrieve their information.

Reviewer: It looks like this file also states it can be used to create [custom clusters](https://github.com/jiaqiluo/terraform-provider-rancher2/blob/update-doc/docs/resources/cluster.md#creating-rancher-v2-rke-cluster)? We should remove the other RKE1 examples from this file if we want to say that only imported clusters are supported - they don't work anymore anyway iiuc.

Author: Good point. 
All examples for creating RKE1 node-driver or custom clusters are removed from the doc.

**Hint**: To create node-driver and custom RKE2 and K3s Clusters, use the Rancher v2 Cluster v2 resource instead.

**Important:** 

Rancher Kubernetes Engine (RKE/RKE1) has reached end of life as of July 31, 2025. 
Rancher versions **2.12.0 and later** no longer support provisioning or managing downstream RKE1 clusters. 
We recommend replatforming RKE1 clusters to RKE2 to ensure continued support and security updates. Learn more about the transition [here](https://www.suse.com/support/kb/doc/?id=000021518).

## Example Usage

**Note optional/computed arguments** If any `optional/computed` argument of this resource is defined by the user, removing it from tf file will NOT reset its value. To reset it, let its definition at tf file as empty/false object. Ex: `cloud_provider {}`, `name = ""`

> ### Creating Rancher v2 imported cluster and retrieve registration commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a Rancher v2 imported cluster and retrieving the registration commands
```
